they run we're at the cooler master
suite now at CES 2020 and my voice is
starting to go so I apologize for that
but there's a couple new cases here
yeah well updates to existing cases
really what I should say
so there's meaningful updates mesh
updates that we're happy to see and
needs a test separately to see how well
they perform there's also some updates
to coolers including a hyper 212 Evo
version 2 so the 212 of course has been
well known for maybe I don't know
probably six years or more at this point
so the the 212 evo v2 has some changes
to the mounting mechanism that I'm happy
to see because the original mounting
mechanism is not good so that's that's
something we'll be looking at shortly
we'll start with the cases though before
that this video is brought to you by
gigabyte 2x 570 master motherboard the
x5 so many master is what we used for
all of our rise in 3000 cpu reviews and
for extreme overclocking streams with
the 3900 X the master is built to handle
more currents than you'll push through
your eyes and CPUs it has actual finned
heat sinks for the V RMS and it features
a massively overhauled gigabyte BIOS
pick up the x5 Sony master for your rise
in 3000 cpu at the link in the
description below so for these this is
already a case that exists on the market
it's just been modified with the front
panel and the side panel has also had an
update
it's a TD 500 the change is that it's
gone through a mesh panel in the front
it's got kind of that that fractal mesh
if I aesthetic to it where it sits
I guess the geometric pattern on the
front rather than just a flat mesh so
familiar pattern for those of you who
like the mesh 5 series but otherwise
that's the primary change other than the
glass the original model was an acrylic
panel on the side and they moved to
tempered glass with a laser H in it so
there's this kind of additional geometry
to match the front mesh except on the
side panel other small things to notice
on the case so if you've already seen
this case you know this stuff but on the
back there's room of course for 120
there's also some ventilation down
towards the video card where this is
pretty common but nots not on every case
that we see this actually does help with
those taller height video cards the the
non reference height cards so that you
can vent some of the heat on the back
also useful if you're in a negative
pressure setup for
pulling some air in through that hole
and into the power into the video card
for the pricing supposed to be $100 for
the TD 500 mesh it comes in white and
black it's gonna be three a RGB fans all
mounted to the front no rear fan will be
included cooler masters doing this for
this case and the other one will look at
where they're focusing on fans on the
front to get the appeal to gamers I
guess is the same so if you want a fan
on the back which would definitely
improve thermals because it'll help get
stuff away from the CPU obviously you'll
have to buy yourself that's what K it's
not too expensive and otherwise tooling
is all familiar identifiable from the
existing TV 500 so it's just a mash-up
date and now we can move on to the MB
311 L another quick note so we took
apart the Intel Ghost Canyon nook at
CyberPower suite which had a cooler
master a case for its own side and a
half-liter case or so we spoke with the
cooler master here and it sounds like
there's a plan to add an additional fan
in the front bottom and then a duct
above the PCIe Adam cards the nook and
the D GPU so that should help with some
of the thermals in a cramped case also
separate note we talked about this in
the ghost Canyon teardown but cooler
master doesn't want to make its own
daughter board rather than using the
Intel baseboard that's included so that
should space out the cards a bit more
and help with thermals anyway for the
cases back to those this is the MP 311 L
it's a micro ATX case also mesh front so
if you remember the NR 600 which we
reviewed fairly positively this is the
same type of mesh as the NR 600 where
it's an ultra fine mesh and as a result
you don't need a dust filter behind it
which does reduce the impedance to flow
so if low impedance is always a big
problem when you have multiple mesh
filter stacks on top of each other
because they the hole start line up with
the metal same for that CD 500 we looked
at where there's no filter behind the
mesh so that's good we'd like to see
that the same thing here the 311 L is
supposed to be a $60 case it's a micro
ATX so a bit of an issue audience but a
lot of people do still want to buy those
and then same tooling or very similar to
add our 600 except for the side panel so
if you know that our 600 from our review
you can watch the build section for that
it would apply to this as well the only
that's different obvious would be
thermals from the
the design change on the front of this
case and then for cooling it's supposed
to be to a RGB fans both front mounted
as discussed earlier you'd have to add
your own for the back I think that
mostly covers this case oh I didn't want
to note the video card is extremely
close to the power splash shroud on this
because it isn't micro ATX box so PSP
shroud gets kind of close it's bit of a
thermal challenge there's some venting
in the back above the video card so you
have a taller card that'll help a bit
there but and then there's additional
venting in the top of the motherboard IO
so it's just anywhere for the air to
escape if you go with a positive
pressure setup there's plenty places for
the air to go once it gets through the
case this one I'm only gonna briefly
mention so this is supposed to be a
global market case there was a version
of this case previously that the name
I'm blanking on but it was a Japan
market only or targeted for a Japanese
market where they had optical drives
specifically I guess that's still a big
seller and in certain markets in the
world but this one's supposed to be
global so it's an NR 600 P it's a ATX
compatible or a PCI SSI ee-vie
and that does mean you could potentially
do a dual socket setup if you had a
board with dual socket those tend to be
pretty large but in theory it could fit
in here for support it's 2-1 40s on the
front one when 20 in the back for the
stock configuration and then supposed to
be a hundred ten to $130 cutes you for
hard drives it currently comes with a
hard drive cage on the bottom but
there's the option to add more and stack
them except then you start blocking off
the fans obviously so just comes with
one as we understand it right now let's
move on to the coolers so for the air
coolers now the hyper 212 evo v2 I
wanted to show this has had a lot of
updates over the years and it's there
was an Evo update there's an all-black
update as well and we've actually
recently tested that we haven't
published the data yet so this is how to
change where the fan has been updated
some of the previous hyper 212 the fan
supply would change depending on when
you bought it so you didn't quite know
exactly what fan you are getting which
could affect performance but the the
more important change that I'm hoping
works out well is the mounting is now
modified so you see there's that small
aluminum fin stack just kind of like a
really more of a heat spreader than
anything but sitting on top of the
coldplay down there and we've got these
mounting points on the sides rather than
the original which if you ever worked
with it was terrible
the original was an ex and the X bracket
you could just never get it fully flush
so if you sat the cooler down like this
and you use the old X bracket on the
hyper 212 you could grab it like that
and wiggle it on top of the CPU cool the
CPU IHS which is not good so this has
been improved to resolve that hopefully
because that was actually a one of our
biggest complaints with the original
hyper 212 also the the cooler would end
up scratching the IHS if you tried to
apply too much pressure to it and it
still wouldn't be fully contacted and
flushed with well it be flush I guess
it's not secure is really the word we're
looking for for this one dt six one four
so this got a plate on top you can just
access via looks like a pH to size screw
up there access the mounts the screw
goes straight down through the fin stack
so rather than what we saw at Corsair is
sweet the other day with a 500 where
they cut out this massive hole and
they're cooler and didn't do anything
with it this one instead routes the
mounting hardware through the fin stack
so it's a more efficient use of space
and then a fan in the middle in terms of
performance I don't know we'd have to
test it it's supposed to support two
fans it's only one on this one right now
but it's a 140 millimeter fan currently
in they're supposed to come with another
140 I think and then for heat pipes it's
gonna be six six mil pipes I wanted to
know this to actually quickly on the
hyper 212
it's very slightly shifted for
marginally better Ram clearance now on
the tower but I don't really think that
was too much of an issue to begin with
on that cooler so anyway that's the d t6
one for the hybrids 212 Evo is supposed
to be the same price as it originally
was and then the six one four is
supposed to be about the same price the
v8 has also had an update so the v8 has
these extra heat pipes with a fin stack
over here and I have some tests in mind
I want to do with this to validate how
much if he's helped or her performance
I'm not gonna reveal them just yet but
kind of know what I want to do
v8 updates got RGB everywhere of course
cuz that's the thing now and then to 140
millimeter fans that are updated and a
RGB software works with it pricing
supposed to be $100 on that and then
finally there are some liquid coolers as
well these are also updates in a lot of
instances so there's an ml 120 and 240
LV to the ML series I've never been a
fan of we had leak issues with them so
I'm very hesitant on they're still 65
dollars and 75 dollars for those the the
price kind of lets you know what you
know it's quality I questioned on it fep
tubing so it for for those coolers so
happy b2b and it's got like a Teflon
interlining and then a wrap teflon inner
lining will help with permeation of the
tube so it reduces permeation over time
but you do end up with the issue of the
bend it too much the teflon can crack
and then a lot of permeation so that's
that's just a decision on the tubing the
other option is Robert basically and
there's also a ml 240 and 280 are
there's also gonna be a 360 and those
are in the illusion series has an
infinity mirror kind of like the NZXT
kraken series X 62 for example so 110
260 dollars for those and then the vivid
can play video files you can put a logo
or digital file on the the cold plate or
the pump block top rather in the screen
that's on there that one is expensive
obviously because of a screen so that's
supposed to be a bit over $200 for the
360 I don't know the exact number yet
and then it's supposed to be $180 for
the 240 the pump block housing will be
aluminum in the final version what they
have here is a prototype so it's plastic
right now but that'll change and I think
that pretty much covers us for cooler
master suite at CES 2020 so thanks for
watching as always subscribe for more go
to store like Heroes excess net or
patreon.com/scishow Emerson X's Thomas
out directly and we'll see you all next
time
[Music]